this is something i can't believe it
took me 51 years of my life to find out
about there's a town
in newfoundland newfoundland
which is in canada that has
well maybe you guys know about this
tonight in
your community amanda is in the town of
dildo where you can experience
two unique boating experiences
we are here in dildo and joining me is
andrew pretty and karen mcdonald
this land where your business is
situated has been in your family
for generations yes since uh my great
great great great
great grandfather came in 1775 to dildo
yeah
that's amazing and that brings me over
to you karen you haven't been in dildo
that
as long as 17.75 um but tell me a little
bit about
your story uh when you came to to dildo
and why you came here
i came to dildo because i really love
this place and
i still enjoy i love like dildo
guillermo packer things were taking the
show to dildo let's go
i wanna i wanna know
everything about this place i wanna go
there i wanna buy t-shirts i wanna
meet the townspeople how do we not know
about this
i feel like canada's been hiding their
dildo from us
let's get in touch with the mayor so if
there's a mayor of dildo
and see if we can talk to them next week
okay
if you like that video click subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies